Functions docs (#37)
neo4j/cypher-builder: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/functions.adoc

= Functions

> Cypher Builder implements the most common link:https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/functions/[Cypher Functions], such as `coalesce` or `count`. In these cases, you can directly call the provided functions to generate the equivalent Cypher:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cypher Builder implements the most common link:https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/functions/[Cypher Functions], such as `coalesce` or `count`. 
In these cases, you can directly call the provided functions to generate the equivalent Cypher:
```

```javascript
const movie = new Cypher.Node({labels: ["Movie"]});

Cypher.coalesce(movie.property("title"), new Cypher.Param("The Matrix"));
```

```cypher
coalesce(this0.title, $param0)
```

All the available functions will also have the correct signature for TypeScript.

[NOTE]
====

> By convention, all Cypher functions are available as JavaScript functions, with camelCase naming. This differentiates functions from clauses and other elements of the Cypher Builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By convention, all Cypher functions are available as JavaScript functions, with _camelCase_ naming. 
This differentiates functions from clauses and other elements of the Cypher Builder.
```

For instance, the function link:https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/functions/aggregating/#functions-count[`count()`] and the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/syntax/expressions/#count-subqueries[`new Count()`] subquery.
====

> Exposed functions will have the closest possible name to their Cypher counterpart, and reside in the same namespace, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exposed functions have the closest possible name to their Cypher counterpart, and reside in the same namespace, for example:
```

```javascript
Cypher.apoc.cypher.runFirstColumnSingle()
```

Is equivalent to the Cypher function:

```cypher
apoc.cypher.runFirstColumnSingle()
```

> == Custom Functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Custom functions
```

> In some cases, you may need to use functions that are not available in Cypher Builder, for instance, if you are using plugins or some of the newest features of Neo4j.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, you may need to use functions that are not available in Cypher Builder.
For instance, if you are using plugins or some of the newest features of Neo4j.
```

> For these cases, you can use the class `Function` to create custom functions. As an example, let's call the function link:https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/functions/mathematical-numeric/#functions-isnan[`isNan`] as a custom function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For these cases, you can use the class `Function` to create custom functions. 
This example calls link:https://neo4j.com/docs/cypher-manual/current/functions/mathematical-numeric/#functions-isnan[`isNan`] as a custom function:
```

```javascript
const isNan = new Cypher.Function("isNan", [new Cypher.Literal(0)]);
```

```cypher
isNan(0);
```

The class `Function` takes 2 parameters:

> * **name**: The name of the function.

Reviewer: Must these parameters be in lower case? Are they written the way it's shown in the code? If so, then maybe we should format it like code, between `

Author: Good catch, I'll change the formatting to use `code`

* **arguments** (optional): An array with the arguments to pass to the function.

> The arguments array supports any kind of Cypher expression, so more complex arguments can be passed, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The arguments array supports any kind of Cypher expression, so that more complex arguments can be passed, such as:
```

```javascript
const isNan = new Cypher.Function("isNan", [Cypher.divide(new Cypher.Literal(0), new Cypher.Param(0))]);
```

```cypher
isNan((0 / $param0))
```

> Note that an instance of a function, like clauses or procedures, should only be used once. If you need to call the same function twice, you need to create two separate instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
An instance of a function, like clauses or procedures, should only be used once. 
If you need to call the same function twice, you need to create two separate instances.
====
```

> === Reusing Custom Functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Reusing custom functions
```

> If you want to use the same function multiple times, safely and easily, you can wrap the custom `Function` class creation into a JavaScript function:

Reviewer: Just saying that we shouldn't assume it's easy etc etc :))

```suggestion
If you want to use the same function multiple times, you can wrap the custom `Function` class creation into a JavaScript function:
```

```javascript
function isNan(value) {
    return new Cypher.Function("isNan", value);
}
```

This way, the function can now be used in the same fashion as the built-in functions:

```javascript
isNan(new Cypher.Literal(0));
```

> If you are using TypeScript, this is a good opportunity to make your custom function type-safe:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using TypeScript, you can also make your custom function type-safe:
```

```typescript
function isNan(value: Cypher.Expr): Cypher.Function {
    return new Cypher.Function("isNan", value);
}
```

=== Namespaces

> Some functions in Cypher reside in namespaces, such as link:https://neo4j.com/docs/apoc/current/overview/[apoc] functions. In this case, simply set the name of the `Function` class to the full path of the function, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some functions in Cypher reside in namespaces, such as link:https://neo4j.com/docs/apoc/current/overview/[apoc] functions. 
In this case, simply set the name of the `Function` class to the full path of the function, for example:
```
